# survival-quest-mini-game

Note: This is a very early program I created during college so forgive me if there are any errors

Description of Project:
So simply put I developed a game of sort that is at its core a survival game, its simple and
not to complex. I based it on examples of player game example I seen across the internet, there’s not specific one that I based it on just kind of adapted to my taste. So, in the game you begin walking in the world and you are given options after every action on what to do next in the world. The main 3 choices you have to continue walking ahead, look for health/healing, or commit suicide to end the game by choice. Any of the options listen could have you in a loop for a while depending on the choices you made. For example, by selecting continue you go forward walking and may come across nothing or will come across an enemy, and this outcome is randomized by a number generator for the switch statement so it can be either or. If you come across an enemy at this point you have the choice whether to retreat back and continue another route or engage the enemy, if engaging the enemy’s health is randomized and you are locked into the fight until either one of you dies. During the fight you both will attack each other one after another (chose this method for simplicity) and each of your attack damages will be randomized each strike so that its unknown who will be victorious. If you survive it will bring you back to make a new choice on what to do and update you on your current health. If you are to search for a health pack, there’s a chance you will find one or you might not, if you do find a pack but you have full health you will have to leave because you can’t carry, if you have less than a 100 then you will be a able to consume it and it will automatically average it back to a 100 if after consuming you have past that. Now the final choice you have is to commit suicide this will end the game and you have to
restart you and your stats, but you are given a second chance when choosing this if you’re for sure on your choice or not. As said previously this game can continue for very long time depending on the choices you make since outcomes are randomized to a certain point. From this code it can go anywhere from here you can add limitation on when you can choose certain, add a in game currency, have a limitation on weapons/ammo, etc. But this in itself I see as a simple program that can be used to understand these machines and allow whoever uses it to test a multitude of scenarios.
